Support MySQL/PostgreSQL cluster mode (#9937)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/backend/backend-mysql-monitoring.md

3. Config SkyWalking [OpenTelemetry receiver](opentelemetry-receiver.md).

### MySQL Monitoring
MySQL monitoring provides monitoring of the status and resources of the MySQL server. MySQL cluster is cataloged as a `Layer: MYSQL` `Service` in OAP.

> A MySQL Server is cataloged as a `Instance` in OAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each MySQL server is cataloged as an `Instance` in OAP.
```
